so sit up for the squat pivot let's
think about that so the components of
the pivot are sit up edge of the surface
sit up tall lean forward on weight right
pivot through seat feet in once it was
an optimal position for the feet for
squat pivot now after the feet the foot
that's closer to the surface you're
transferring to a little bit in front
but what do you want the chair what our
options would be this way sometimes I
like this way because if I need someone
needed to help me if I was in front and
I need some help someone could be right
here I like this so lots of breaks and
what else don't want to do just set the
chair up they're gonna have more
difficulty clearing got my chair set up
locked took the leg rests off so the
next question is what about the height
of surface what do you think what's easy
what makes it easier for the patient
little higher higher it's harder and
even what about me
where am I gonna be how many of you have
ever tried to swap with the transferred
from a chair not right you're gonna love
this and it's gonna make you more stable
and it also teaches the patient that
they're doing the movement they have on
their way right not here you're not heat
you definitely not here don't do this
because as she does this right
alright stay out of our way
I got her feet in a position that I
think is helpful and reasonable trunk
quick position what about them hands
what would you do what point about what
are options for hands placement so they
can be on my shoulders how much I'm
gonna need to actually help her do I'm
later a little bit and then it's just
having difficulty with the pivot I just
give her a little it's just they're so
easy it's almost embarrassing now the
next question is wearing the purple
Amiens
what do you think what are options for
manual cues so we could do so I could be
either here in here right this is her
affected side I might need to have a
hand here so I could have a hint here
and here and here and here depending or
tentacles here okay the other thing I
want to say about my setup it's going to
be turned a little bit into the pivot to
start with it you feel like you're in a
little bit of an awkward position but
then when she does we need to the pivot
with her you're gonna feel a lot more
stable forward unweighting butter right
and then I'm just gonna visit come back
to the surface
you could have them mean we'd forward on
the bed or whatever service they're
moving toward and move forward this hand
is a great two tricks for this hand
placement and feet those are the two big
tricks do a step sit up tall step to
lean forward I might hold and wait just
hold me away so here what do you do with
your hands just give her a little bit
so he's usually when you pivot towards
the side when you did you feel a little
bit more pressure on that side so I'm
just pointing that out because what's
the benefit of transferring to an
affected side and you're increasing the
weight bearing on that side you're
giving the patient yet another
opportunity to say oh I have a leg ay I
can bear weight on and I can move it so
use everything that you got they need to
transfer to both sides and if anything
you're trying to prevent learn on use
right so you want them to do lots of
transfers to their affected side could
you do the leg thing with this yeah
that okay could you do this in three
moves doing the small moves right let's
make sure our hands are she's not gonna
sit on our hands
do one more even you know three moves
doing a four moves I put like like a
pillow just to soften if you put
catching edges or anything
absolutely you don't have to do it in
one full move especially if the
patient's even struggling with getting
weight on that side take a bunch of
times to do it